Well, girls, tonight's the
night we've been waiting for.
We're looking hot-to-trot
and we've got reservations
for the most exclusive
restaurant in town.
Air!
I'm getting the pate!
Utterly excited!
Best night Eve...
Is there something
I can help you three...
..."ladies" with?
We have reservations.
Name?
Minnie mouse.
Party of three.
No.
No "minnie" in the book.
There's got to be a mistake!
I... I made reservations
months ago!
No! No! No!
No reservations!
This is all because
of my flies, isn't it?
Who does this guy think he is?
We had reservations.
I even confirmed it earlier today.
Ooh, I'm not gonna let
that maître d' do that to us!
We're getting in there no matter what.
Cock-a-doodle moo!
Time to prep tonight's special.
And stay out!
Well...
I guess that's that.
Wait! You can't go.
We'll find a way inside.
I am not giving up!
I made reservations!
And that means we're
eating in that restaurant!
And that bully maître d'...
Oh, don't even get me started!
We're gonna have the best night ever!
Look! A way in!
Yee-haw!
Mmm.
Sorry, girls.
Don't worry, clarabelle,
we'll get you out.
Fire sprinklers?
Fire?
Did you say fire?
It's those problem women.
Please, please, everyone...
Everyone remain calm.
There is no fire.
Fire!
We made it.
And we got the whole place to ourselves!
All thanks to minnie.
Cheers!
Who's ready to dig in?
Well, bon appetit!